#SDR Bay

||[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/Home Home]||[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/RackMountSystem Rack]||[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/HermesSetup Hermes]||[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/LowPowerPinSwitchTTL LP-Pin]||[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/PIN_SWITCH_DRIVER HP-Pin-Driver]||[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/50Mhz_1kw_Lumped_Element_PIN_SWITCH HP-PIN-TR]||[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/FastHighPower50MhzAmp HP-AMP SDR Bay]||
[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/RFAmpBay RF Amp Bay||
[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/PowerBay Power Bay]||
[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/SDRBay]||

[https://code.google.com/p/cdar/wiki/EnternalLinks External]||

= Introduction =

The "SDR Bay" will contain a small 'wind tunnel' for the Hermes SDR with an aluminium housing containing the Hermes Board.  A large 1.25" tall finned heatsink on top, and a smaller .5" heat-sink below, with the Hermes board mounted in the middle of the aluminium housing.

Hermes generates a small amount of heat which transfers to the aluminium housing, and the heat-sinks will help to dissipate this heat.

The "wind tunnel" is created by placing a FR4 board mounted vertically in the Hammond 19" rack enclosure, with several feed-thru items like sma ports for TX and RX lines.  There will be 2 each 50mm 10CFM fans in the front of the 19" rack enclosure which wil pull air into the chamber, and 2 each 50mm 10CFM fans in the rear of the enclosure for exhaust.

Based on the size of the heat-sinks employed, the wind-tunnel used, and the use of silver-infused heat-sink paste between the sinks and the aluminium housing this should help considerably to maintain a reasonably low temperature for the Hermes board.


= Details =

As of 2013-03-15 I am currently working on this area of construction.  I will be posting photo's of the results shortly and they will appear here.  As well as other areas within the SDR Bay enclosure.